[WindowsSettings] DevDocs + JSON schema (#13510)
microsoft/PowerToys: doc/devdocs/modules/launcher/plugins/windowssettings.md

# Windows Settings Plugin

The Windows settings Plugin allows users to search the Windows settings.

## Special functions (differ from the regular functions)

* Support modern Windows settings (Windows 10+)
* Support legacy Windows settings (Windows 7, 8.1)
* Support extra programs for setting (like ODBC)

> * Support search by the are of the setting (like `Privacy`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support search by the area of the setting (like `Privacy`)
* Support listing all settings of a specific area like `Devices` by typing `$Devices:`
* Support search by settings app and optional area path (settings path). _For example: `$Contr>Sys>Adm` shows all settings under `Control Pannel > System and Security > Administrativ Tools`._
```

> * Support search by the command line of the setting (like `workplace` found `ms-settings:workplace` )

Reviewer: Do we support this? That's new for me. 🤔

Reviewer: This isn't implemented. Except the command is added to the `altNames` list.

Author: oh your are right, I wonder why I have remove this from the original PR.
we can add this later in a separate PR, when we need it.
